JUnit 5 Architecture
----------------------
As compared to JUnit 4, JUnit 5 is composed of several different modules 
from three different sub-projects:

JUnit 5 = JUnit Platform + JUnit Jupiter + JUnit Vintage

JUnit Platform
---------------
To be able to launch junit tests, IDEs, build tools or plugins need 
to include and extend platform APIs. It defines the TestEngine 
API for developing new testing frameworks that runs on the platform.
It also provides a Console Launcher to launch the platform from the 
command line and build plugins for Gradle and Maven.

JUnit Jupiter
-------------
It includes new programming and extension models for writing tests. 
It has all new junit annotations and TestEngine implementation to run tests 
written with these annotations.

JUnit Vintage
--------------
It primary purpose is to support running JUnit 3 and JUnit 4 
written tests on the JUnit 5 platform. It’s there are backward compatibility.

JUnit 5 offers following annotations to write tests.

Annotation	Description
----------  ------------
@BeforeEach	The annotated method will be run before each test method in the test class.
@AfterEach	The annotated method will be run after each test method in the test class.
@BeforeAll	The annotated method will be run before all test methods in the test class. This method must be static.
@AfterAll	The annotated method will be run after all test methods in the test class. This method must be static.
@Test	It is used to mark a method as junit test
@DisplayName	Used to provide any custom display name for a test class or test method
@Disable	It is used to disable or ignore a test class or method from test suite.
@Nested	Used to create nested test classes
@Tag	Mark test methods or test classes with tags for test discovering and filtering
@TestFactory	Mark a method is a test factory for dynamic tests

Mockito
-------
Mockito is a mocking framework. It is a Java-based library used to create 
simple and basic test APIs for performing unit testing of Java applications. 
It can also be used with other frameworks such as JUnit and TestNG.

Mocking is a process of developing the objects that act as the mock or clone of the real objects. 
In other words, mocking is a testing technique 
mock objects are used instead of real objects for testing purposes.

Need for mocking
--------------------
Before using the Mocking technique, we should know the reasons for using mocking, 
which are as follows:

If we want to test a component that depends on the other component, but it is under development. 
It generally uses when working in a team and parts are divided between several team-mates. 
In this case, mocking plays an essential role in the testing of that component. Without mocking, 
we need to wait for the completion of the required elements for testing.

If the real components perform slow operations while dealing with database connections or 
another complex read/ write operation. Sometimes the database queries can take 10, 20, 
or more seconds to execute. In such cases, we require mock objects to perform testing, 
and it can be done via mocking.

If there is an infrastructure concern that makes the testing impossible. 
It is very similar to the first case. For example, when we create a connection to the database, 
some issues related to configurations occur. 
It requires mocking for creating mock components to provide unit testing.